te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/AddTaskFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.AddTaskFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.AddTaskFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/model/RateRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.model.RateRequest
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/inviteStudents/StudentMainData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.inviteStudents.StudentMainData
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/models/NotificationsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.models.NotificationsResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/adapters/TaskMediaAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.adapters.TaskMediaAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.adapters.TaskMediaAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/databinding/DeleteSheetBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.DeleteSheetBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/forgetPassword/ForgetPasswordViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.forgetPassword.ForgetPasswordViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/models/TaskDetailsData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.models.TaskDetailsData
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/models/PointsData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.models.PointsData
te/app/nottaa/utils/helper/LauncherInterface.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.helper.LauncherInterface
 te.app.nottaa.utils.helper.LauncherInterface$activityResultInterface
 te.app.nottaa.utils.helper.LauncherInterface$permissionInterface
te/app/nottaa/databinding/MenuBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.MenuBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentAddGroupBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentAddGroupBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/models/NotificationsPaginate.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.models.NotificationsPaginate
te/app/nottaa/connection/ConnectionHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.connection.ConnectionHelper
 te.app.nottaa.connection.ConnectionHelper$1
 te.app.nottaa.connection.ConnectionHelper$2
 te.app.nottaa.connection.ConnectionHelper$3
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/GroupMembersFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.GroupMembersFragment
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentMyGroupsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentMyGroupsBinding
te/app/nottaa/base/ConnectivityReceiver.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.ConnectivityReceiver
 te.app.nottaa.base.ConnectivityReceiver$ConnectivityReceiverListener
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/models/HomeResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.models.HomeResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/viewModels/ItemProfileViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.viewModels.ItemProfileViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/AddGroupRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.AddGroupRequest
te/app/nottaa/utils/URLS.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.URLS
te/app/nottaa/repository/GroupRepository.java
 te.app.nottaa.repository.GroupRepository
te/app/nottaa/databinding/GivePointsSheetBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.GivePointsSheetBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/CustomTextViewRegular.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.CustomTextViewRegular
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/UserData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.UserData
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/viewModels/ItemGroupTasksViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.viewModels.ItemGroupTasksViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/RegisterRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.RegisterRequest
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentConfirmCodeBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentConfirmCodeBinding
te/app/nottaa/activity/MainActivity.java
 te.app.nottaa.activity.MainActivity
te/app/nottaa/databinding/LayoutGrandBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.LayoutGrandBinding
te/app/nottaa/utils/upload/FileUpload.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.upload.FileUpload
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/MoreFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.MoreFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/adapters/GroupTasksAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.adapters.GroupTasksAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.adapters.GroupTasksAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/AddTaskRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.AddTaskRequest
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentLangBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentLangBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/actionbar/HomeActionBarView.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.actionbar.HomeActionBarView
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/viewModels/AddGroupViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.viewModels.AddGroupViewModel
te/app/nottaa/utils/PopUp/PopUpInterface.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.PopUp.PopUpInterface
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemProfileBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemProfileBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/forgetPassword/ForgetPasswordFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.forgetPassword.ForgetPasswordFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/viewModels/ItemGroupStudentViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.viewModels.ItemGroupStudentViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/ChangePasswordRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.ChangePasswordRequest
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/models/AboutData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.models.AboutData
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/models/GroupItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.models.GroupItem
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/viewModels/ItemStudentInviteViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.viewModels.ItemStudentInviteViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/AddGroupResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.AddGroupResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/models/students/StudentMainPoints.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.models.students.StudentMainPoints
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/adapters/GroupDetailsStudentsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.adapters.GroupDetailsStudentsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.adapters.GroupDetailsStudentsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/AddGiftRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.AddGiftRequest
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/AddGiftFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.AddGiftFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/changePassword/ChangePasswordFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.changePassword.ChangePasswordFragment
te/app/nottaa/customViews/actionbar/BackActionBarView.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.actionbar.BackActionBarView
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/MenuViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.MenuViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/studentTasks/StudentTasksResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.studentTasks.StudentTasksResponse
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemStudentInviteBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemStudentInviteBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/models/PointsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.models.PointsResponse
te/app/nottaa/utils/VideoPlayerConfig.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.VideoPlayerConfig
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/adapters/GroupStudentsRequestsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.adapters.GroupStudentsRequestsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.adapters.GroupStudentsRequestsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/ProfileFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.ProfileFragment
te/app/nottaa/base/BaseFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.BaseFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/itemViewModels/NotificationsItemViewModels.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.itemViewModels.NotificationsItemViewModels
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/models/ContactUsRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.models.ContactUsRequest
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/viewModels/NotificationsViewModels.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.viewModels.NotificationsViewModels
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ActivityBaseBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ActivityBaseBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemTaskMediaBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemTaskMediaBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/CustomTextViewMedium.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.CustomTextViewMedium
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/LangFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.LangFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/models/TaskAnswerFilesItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.models.TaskAnswerFilesItem
te/app/nottaa/utils/helper/LauncherHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.helper.LauncherHelper
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentGroupMembersBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentGroupMembersBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/viewModels/ItemTaskMediaViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.viewModels.ItemTaskMediaViewModel
te/app/nottaa/BuildConfig.java
 te.app.nottaa.BuildConfig
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentMyPointsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentMyPointsBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/GroupDetailsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.GroupDetailsFragment
te/app/nottaa/model/base/Mutable.java
 te.app.nottaa.model.base.Mutable
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/ForgetPasswordRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.ForgetPasswordRequest
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemMemberBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemMemberBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/NavigationDrawerView.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.NavigationDrawerView
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentContactBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentContactBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentAddAnswerBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentAddAnswerBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/models/TaskDetailsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.models.TaskDetailsResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/models/students/StudentPointsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.models.students.StudentPointsResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/adapters/NotificationsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.adapters.NotificationsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.adapters.NotificationsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/utils/PopUp/PopUpMenuHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.PopUp.PopUpMenuHelper
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/adapters/PointsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.adapters.PointsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.adapters.PointsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/utils/timer/TimePickerFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.timer.TimePickerFragment
te/app/nottaa/activity/ExoPlayerActivity.java
 te.app.nottaa.activity.ExoPlayerActivity
 te.app.nottaa.activity.ExoPlayerActivity$1
 te.app.nottaa.activity.ExoPlayerActivity$PlayerErrorMessageProvider
 te.app.nottaa.activity.ExoPlayerActivity$PlayerEventListener
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/confirmCode/ConfirmCodeFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.confirmCode.ConfirmCodeFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.confirmCode.ConfirmCodeFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/models/NotificationsData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.models.NotificationsData
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/details/TasksItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.details.TasksItem
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/LoginRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.LoginRequest
te/app/nottaa/base/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.MyFirebaseMessagingService
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentGroupStudentsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentGroupStudentsBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/viewModels/SettingsViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.viewModels.SettingsViewModel
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/inviteStudents/StudentsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.inviteStudents.StudentsResponse
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemHomeBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemHomeBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/models/AboutResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.models.AboutResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/login/LoginFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.login.LoginFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/SpecialistResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.SpecialistResponse
te/app/nottaa/databinding/LayoutActionBarHomeBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.LayoutActionBarHomeBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/grandDialog/GrandImageDialog.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.grandDialog.GrandDialog
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.grandDialog.GrandImageDialog
te/app/nottaa/PassingObject.java
 te.app.nottaa.PassingObject
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/adapters/ProfileAdaptersAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.adapters.ProfileAdaptersAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.adapters.ProfileAdaptersAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/CustomBottomNavigationView.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.CustomBottomNavigationView
te/app/nottaa/pages/splash/SplashFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.splash.SplashFragment
te/app/nottaa/base/ParentActivity.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.ParentActivity
te/app/nottaa/repository/AuthRepository.java
 te.app.nottaa.repository.AuthRepository
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentAboutBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentAboutBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/IncrementalView.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.IncrementalView
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.IncrementalView$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/HomeFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.HomeFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.HomeFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemMyGroupBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemMyGroupBinding
te/app/nottaa/connection/Api.java
 te.app.nottaa.connection.Api
te/app/nottaa/base/ApplicationComponent.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.ApplicationComponent
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/UsersResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.UsersResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/GroupStudentFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.GroupStudentFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.GroupStudentFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/register/EditProfileFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.register.EditProfileFragment
te/app/nottaa/base/ApplicationBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.ApplicationBinding
te/app/nottaa/base/LiveData.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.LiveData
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemHorMemberBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemHorMemberBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/groupStudents/GroupStudentsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.groupStudents.GroupStudentsResponse
te/app/nottaa/databinding/NotifyItemBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.NotifyItemBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
te/app/nottaa/model/MainRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.model.MainRequest
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentTasksBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentTasksBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentChangePasswordBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentChangePasswordBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/StudentRequestsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.StudentRequestsFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.StudentRequestsFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/onBoard/IntroItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.onBoard.IntroItem
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/models/ConfirmCodeRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.models.ConfirmCodeRequest
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/confirmCode/ConfirmViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.confirmCode.ConfirmViewModel
te/app/nottaa/utils/PopUp/PopUp.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.PopUp.PopUp
te/app/nottaa/utils/upload/FileOperations.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.upload.FileOperations
te/app/nottaa/utils/session/UserHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.session.UserHelper
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemStudentRequestBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemStudentRequestBinding
te/app/nottaa/repository/BaseRepository.java
 te.app.nottaa.repository.BaseRepository
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/viewModels/ItemPointsViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.viewModels.ItemPointsViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/onBoard/models/BoardResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.onBoard.models.BoardResponse
te/app/nottaa/customViews/views/FutureDateEditText.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.views.FutureDateEditText
te/app/nottaa/model/base/StatusMessage.java
 te.app.nottaa.model.base.StatusMessage
te/app/nottaa/connection/ConnectionModule.java
 te.app.nottaa.connection.ConnectionModule
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/models/TaskAnswersItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.models.TaskAnswersItem
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/ContactUsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.ContactUsFragment
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentGroupDetailsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentGroupDetailsBinding
te/app/nottaa/utils/helper/AppHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.helper.AppHelper
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/groupStudents/GroupStudentsMain.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.groupStudents.GroupStudentsMain
te/app/nottaa/utils/helper/MovementHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.helper.MovementHelper
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentStudentTasksBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentStudentTasksBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentMoreBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentMoreBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/viewModels/GroupDetailsViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.viewModels.GroupDetailsViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/studentTasks/StudentTasksMain.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.studentTasks.StudentTasksMain
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/StudentTasksFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.StudentTasksFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.StudentTasksFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/utils/services/RealTimeReceiver.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.services.RealTimeReceiver
 te.app.nottaa.utils.services.RealTimeReceiver$MessageReceiverListener
 te.app.nottaa.utils.services.RealTimeReceiver$NotificationCounterListener
te/app/nottaa/utils/resources/ResourceManager.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.resources.ResourceManager
te/app/nottaa/connection/ConnectionListenerInterFace.java
 te.app.nottaa.connection.ConnectionListenerInterFace
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/AddAnswerFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.AddAnswerFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.AddAnswerFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/base/BaseViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.BaseViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/models/ProfileItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.models.ProfileItem
te/app/nottaa/utils/images/ImageConstants.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.images.ImageConstants
te/app/nottaa/pages/onBoard/OnBoardFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.onBoard.OnBoardFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/onBoard/models/OnBoard.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.onBoard.models.OnBoard
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/register/RegisterViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.register.RegisterViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/details/GroupDetailsResponse.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.details.GroupDetailsResponse
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/login/LoginViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.login.LoginViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/viewModels/HomeViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.viewModels.HomeViewModel
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.viewModels.HomeViewModel$DataBindingAdapter
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentInviteStudentBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentInviteStudentBinding
te/app/nottaa/activity/BaseActivity.java
 te.app.nottaa.activity.BaseActivity
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/models/SendInvitationsRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.models.SendInvitationsRequest
te/app/nottaa/pages/onBoard/OnBoardAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.onBoard.OnBoardAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.onBoard.OnBoardAdapter$SliderAdapterVH
te/app/nottaa/pages/myGroups/MyGroupsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.myGroups.MyGroupsFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.myGroups.MyGroupsFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/adapters/GroupsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.adapters.GroupsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.adapters.GroupsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/changePassword/ChangePasswordViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.changePassword.ChangePasswordViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/PointsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.PointsFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.PointsFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/TasksFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.TasksFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.TasksFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/models/TaskFilesItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.models.TaskFilesItem
te/app/nottaa/utils/session/LanguagesHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.session.LanguagesHelper
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/AboutFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.AboutFragment
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/myGroups/adapters/MyGroupsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.myGroups.adapters.MyGroupsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.myGroups.adapters.MyGroupsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/base/IApplicationComponent.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.IApplicationComponent
 te.app.nottaa.base.IApplicationComponent$Builder
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/models/students/AvailableGiftsPaginate.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.models.students.AvailableGiftsPaginate
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/viewModels/ItemHomeViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.viewModels.ItemHomeViewModel
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemMoreBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemMoreBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/splash/SplashViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.splash.SplashViewModel
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentEditProfileBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentEditProfileBinding
te/app/nottaa/customViews/actionbar/MenuActionBarView.java
 te.app.nottaa.customViews.actionbar.MenuActionBarView
te/app/nottaa/pages/home/models/HomeData.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.home.models.HomeData
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/models/AddAnswerRequest.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.models.AddAnswerRequest
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemPointsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemPointsBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/models/TeacherPointsMain.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.models.TeacherPointsMain
te/app/nottaa/utils/images/PhotoFullPopupWindow.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.images.PhotoFullPopupWindow
 te.app.nottaa.utils.images.PhotoFullPopupWindow$1
 te.app.nottaa.utils.images.PhotoFullPopupWindow$2
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/details/GroupDetails.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.details.GroupDetails
te/app/nottaa/utils/session/MyContextWrapper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.session.MyContextWrapper
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentOnboardBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentOnboardBinding
te/app/nottaa/base/MyApplication.java
 te.app.nottaa.base.MyApplication
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentAddTaskBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentAddTaskBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/viewModels/AddTaskViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.viewModels.AddTaskViewModel
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentPointsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentPointsBinding
te/app/nottaa/utils/session/SharedPreferenceHelper.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.session.SharedPreferenceHelper
te/app/nottaa/utils/Constants.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.Constants
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/viewModels/PointsViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.viewModels.PointsViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/groupDetails/models/details/StudentsItem.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.groupDetails.models.details.StudentsItem
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentRequestsBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentRequestsBinding
te/app/nottaa/connection/FileObject.java
 te.app.nottaa.connection.FileObject
te/app/nottaa/pages/points/MyPointsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.points.MyPointsFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/adapters/InviteStudentsAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.adapters.InviteStudentsAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.adapters.InviteStudentsAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ActivityExoPlayerBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ActivityExoPlayerBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/InviteStudentsToGroupFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.InviteStudentsToGroupFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.InviteStudentsToGroupFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentAddGiftBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentAddGiftBinding
te/app/nottaa/databinding/FragmentForgetPasswordBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.FragmentForgetPasswordBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/addAnswer/viewModels/AddAnswerViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.addAnswer.viewModels.AddAnswerViewModel
te/app/nottaa/utils/validation/Validate.java
 te.app.nottaa.utils.validation.Validate
te/app/nottaa/model/PaginateMain.java
 te.app.nottaa.model.PaginateMain
te/app/nottaa/databinding/LayoutActionBarBackBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.LayoutActionBarBackBinding
te/app/nottaa/pages/auth/register/RegisterFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.register.RegisterFragment
 te.app.nottaa.pages.auth.register.RegisterFragment$1
te/app/nottaa/pages/myGroups/viewModels/MyGroupsViewModel.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.myGroups.viewModels.MyGroupsViewModel
te/app/nottaa/pages/teacher/AddGroupFragment.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.teacher.AddGroupFragment
te/app/nottaa/pages/settings/adapters/MoreAdapter.java
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.adapters.MoreAdapter
 te.app.nottaa.pages.settings.adapters.MoreAdapter$ViewHolder
te/app/nottaa/databinding/ItemRecentTaskBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.ItemRecentTaskBinding
te/app/nottaa/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 te.app.nottaa.DataBindingTriggerClass
te/app/nottaa/databinding/SuccessSheetBinding.java
 te.app.nottaa.databinding.SuccessSheetBinding
